                Blog on the difference between document and window object.
            
What is DOM?
    DOM refers to Document Object Model.
    When web page is loaded the browser creates a document object model of the page.
    With the help of DOM:
              JavaScript can change HTML elements and attributes.
              JavaScript can change CSS styles.
              JavaScript can remove and add HTML elements and attributes.
              JavaScript can create new HTML events in the page.
What is BOM?
    BOM stands for Browser Object Model.
    Windows is under BOM.
    There is no standardization for BOM. Browser can define accordingly.
    BOM helps to communicate with different windows.

 What are all the browser components?
         User interface.
         
         Browser engine  --> Load a web page and coordinates the resources needed.
                             It manages your browsing actions.
                             Displays error messages if something goes wrong.
        
        Rendering engine --> Interpret HTML and XML documents, along with images styled using CSS.
                             Generates the final layout of the web page.

Rendering engine:
        Rendering engine converts HTML source code and css source codes to DOM nodes and these DOM nodes are called DOM tree.

How DOM is structured?
        The file is processed and converts into object state.
        We can access the things inside DOM.
        DOM is not specfic to JS.
        DOCUMENT will be there in DOM. 
        There are two type of environment web and NodeJs environment.
        DOM is only available in web environment.

What is Document object?
       It represent a web page that is loaded on browser.
       We can access the HTML elements by accessing Document object.
       For accessing there are two ways:
                  1)window.document
                  2)document
             
What is Window object?        
        The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy.
        Whenever a window appear to display content of the document window object is created.

The difference between DOM and BOM.
   DOM:
           1)It focus on the structure of displayed document.
           2)It access and modify the element and content of an HTML document.
           3)When HTML document loaded in the browser,it become document object.
           4)It manipulate or update the structure, content and styling of web document. 
           
           

   BOM:
           1)It focus on the browser specfic functionality. 
           2)It allows JS to intract with browser features.    
           3)Windows object will be created automatically by the browser.
           4)It handle the navigation,manages history,access browser related information.
          

The difference between Document and Window:

   DOCUMENT:
           1)It represents the web page that is loaded in the browser.
           2)It is loaded inside the window.
           3)It is the object of the window.
           4)We can access document by (window.document).
           5)Tags, elements with attributes in HTML are part of the document.
           6)The document is the part of BOM and DOM.
           7)Properties of the document object such as title, body, cookies, etc., can indeed be accessed via the window object as well. 
           This is because the document object is a property of the window object.

   WINDOW:       
           1)It represents a browser window or frame that displays the content of the webpage. 
           2)It is the object that browser loads first.
           3)It is the object of the browser.
           4)We can access window by (window.window or window).
           5)Global objects, functions, and variables are members of the window object.
           6)The Window is a part of BOM not a part of DOM.
           7)Properties of the window object cannot be accessed by the document object.


        